 Hey everyone, I'm your public servant. And I'm always right. And welcome back to 
 A Thousand Lives where we talk about everything books. In today's episode 
 we'll be talking about One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. This story follows a 
 group of patients oppressed by a mental institution. However, with the admittance 
 of a new rowdy patient named McMurphy, the social landscape of the institution 
 changes. McMurphy challenges the oppression of the institution by 
 outwardly showing his sexuality and rallying the other patients to regain 
 their humanity. We believe this would be interesting to talk about as it deals 
 with freedom, hierarchy, and mental illnesses. Topics we still discuss to this 
 day in our political climate. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest is emotionally 
 charged, unapologetic, and often upsetting. Some chapters were 
 especially difficult to swallow. Despite that, it was one of my favorite reads ever, 
 let alone one of my favorites from this year, and I would definitely recommend 
 the book to any reader our age. Not many books involve topics such as mental 
 health asylums, patient disenfranchisement, and the dehumanizing 
 combine as directly or as well as Cuckoo's Nest. The clever narrative 
 techniques provided through a mute schizophrenic narrator creates a story 
 full of scathing irony and social critique that offers an unreliable, false, 
 but genuine and adulterated truth. Before we start this episode, I wanted to 
 introduce our special guests for the day. We are joined in the studio by Bustin, 
 the head physician for a nearby psychiatric ward. Could you tell us a 
 little bit about your line of work? Thanks so much for having me. Like your 
 public servant said, I'm Bustin. I'm the head physician for a town's psychiatric 
 ward, and my job is to prescribe medicine to my patients in the hope of 
 rehabilitating them. We also have another special guest today, Head Empty, a 
 sociology professor. Hello everyone, I'm Head Empty, and I'm so excited to be here today. 
 While we're on the topic of psychiatric ward professionals, I'd like to talk 
 about one of my favorite characters in the novel. Big Nurse is such a powerful, 
 complex character that serves as a symbolic head for so many ideas. Her 
 title as head of the mental institution dictates her to help the patients, but 
 she controls the patients through such cruel and conniving methods. 
